nothing here's vital

warrior episode where all your equipment is "generic" equipment that switches to another equipment every turn. e.g. "a tool" becomes a random on N equipment each turn, "a stave" is a cd weapon like staff, "a shooter" is a pea shooter-like, "a bat", etc. but maybe come up with catchy thematic names?

equipment with a special effect if you use the first dice you rolled on it. (or hell, even a value equal to the first dice you rolled... that might be too easy actually??? and takes away some of the specialness of being able to determine individual dice) like less cruel gyrate hook but not reequip

weaken hits technology HARD. do some kludgy on start turn crap since "on card effect" doesn't exist yet (do likewise for gyrate hook- so it doesn't get set to 5) - or just wait for "on card effect" to ensure compatibility with resonator

consider keymaster warrior; still

wand of wishing should disable all on any equipment use scripts. or try to truly fix equipment that does nothing so when you put a dice in it it refuses to do anything even after it despawns. check how curse does it in equipment.hx or statusapply.hx or whatever

arena!!!! and custom jester enemy. that will be fun to code & easy. make them go first and have an attack that does nothing but kill you if you haven't killed all enemies (self.fightswon) (try doing custom image cfb cards in forms of arrows that point to that card? or just exclamation marks. casual powercard hackery, should be easier since cody's dug up lots of stuff, bless her).

also: arena enemies will all be super, which involves introducing more super variants, and enemy list should be based on betatester credits. (might be funny to make super wisp have meta stuff like "get a random card"? hell maybe his loadout could include a version of blessed wand of wishing (e.g. blessed wand of wishing@ai) that guides the ai into what to type, and he generates one random equipment. that would be high-effort but super worth it. consider that you can more or less scrap the normal wand wish actuator for an ai-friendly one)
pretty sure jackeea actually suggested an alternate design for cactus once. could use that for super cactus

maybe make an easter egg where if you use a wand of wishing to wish for a blessed wand of wishing (or *attempt to* wish for blessed wand of wishing@ai) the combatcommand text goes "am i not good enough for you? :(" for a few seconds in its own separate actuator)

see if you can modify the floor overworld themes from generator!!! make special floors play a random "special"-sounding tackhead or ahc or watever loop. in the future arenas should use "menacing" music, e.g. veneer loop, veneered loop, zoop zoop... hell maybe make it *only* use veneer and its variants. arena combat music should also be different - hysteria dub fucking rules

REMEMBER: if you ever put focus spell or whatever in. in 7drl it says lose health, but you actually take damage - e.g. if you have 10 shield and use focus spell you lose all your shield, you don't lose 10 hp but keep your shield